chore: migrate viewer to yarn 2 workspaces (#1564)
cognitedata/reveal: viewer/README.md

> Refused to load the script 'https://apps-cdn.cogniteapp.com/@cognite/reveal-parser-worker/1.1.0/reveal.parser.worker.js' because it violates the following Content Security Policy directive: "script-src 'self' https://localhost:* blob:"

See the next steps in our [documentation](https://cognitedata.github.io/reveal-docs/docs/installation#installation-for-projects-with-content-security-policy).

## Local Packages
The Reveal viewer is structured using local packages.
This allows you to test features in isolation and constrain the dependencies with logical barriers between features.
Packages are located in the `/packages/` subfolder.

> There is no enforced structure of the packages and their layout and content will vary depending on what the package exposes to the rest of the system.

Reviewer: I think we however should at least suggest that it follows a standard, e.g. 
- `src/` - source files and tests
- `app/` - test application with `index.ts` as entry
- `index.ts` as main entry.
I just think it would benefit us if we had one fixed structure that we follow (the above is just a half-ass example that doesn't probably cover everything that we should "standarize")

> Dependencies that are located in the root `package.json` will be shared and are accessible by any package without having to explicitly declare a depencency in the respective package's `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependencies that are located in the `viewer/package.json` will be shared and are accessible by any package without having to explicitly declare a dependency in the respective package's `package.json`.
```
